Update let-users-reset-passwords.md (#9168)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/admin/add-users/let-users-reset-passwords.md

> [!VIDEO https://www.microsoft.com/videoplayer/embed/RE3AY8S]

1. In the Microsoft 365 admin center, in the left navigation pane, select **Settings** > **Org settings**, and then <a href="https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=2072756" target="_blank">**Security & privacy**</a>.
1. Under **Self-service password reset**, select **Go to the Azure portal to turn on self-service password reset**.
1. In the left navigation pane, select **Users**, and then on the **Users - all users** page, select **Password reset**.
1. Select **All** to enable self-service password reset, and then select **Save**.

> 1. In the left navigatino pane, select **Authentication methods**, and select the **Number of methods required to reset**, and desired **Methods available to users**, and then click **Save**. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the left navigation pane, select **Authentication methods** and select the **Number of methods required to reset** and desired **Methods available to users**, and then select **Save**. 
```

4. Under **Self-service password reset**, select **Go to the Azure portal to turn on self-service password reset**.

5. On the **Properties** page, select **All** to enable it for everyone in your business, and then select **Save**.

> 6. In the left navigatino pane, select **Authentication methods**, and select the **Number of methods required to reset**, and desired **Methods available to users**, and then click **Save**. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. In the left navigation pane, select **Authentication methods** and select the **Number of methods required to reset** and desired **Methods available to users**, and then select **Save**. 
```
